# Sam Shooter
#### Play Here <https://brady-kearley.itch.io/sam-shooter>
#### Description:
## What Is Sam Shooter?
Sam Shooter is a top-down wave survival shooter game. In this game, players assume the role of Sam, a skilled marksman tasked with defending against waves of enemys. As the game progresses, the waves become increasingly difficult ramping up and includeing some boss enemys. With each new game the player is given 2 random wepons and must defeat hordes of enemies to try and get a high score. Sam Shooter is a arcade style game where the goal is to survive for as long as possible.
## How Was Sam Shooter Developed?
Sam Shooter was developed using the Godot Game engine, an open-source game engine that allows developers to create a wide range of games. All programs used in this game were done using the build in programing langage Gdscript. Gdscript is very similar to python with some notical diffrences but overall had the same feel.From conception to release, the development process for Sam Shooter was a collaborative effort with my friend Dan who developed all the pixel art for the game and helped with playtesting and me Brady did all the development.
## What Are Some Key Parts Of The Project
My primary focus while working on this project was to create something that would have lasting value beyond the scope of this course. With that goal in mind, I decided to create a game and put a lot of effort into writing modular and reusable code that could be easily repurposed for future projects. By doing so, I hoped to create something that would have a long-lasting impact and continue to be useful even after the course was over. With that said The enemy and weapon systems in this project were designed with the goal of being highly modular and reusable. The enemy system allows for customization of movement patterns, health, and the ability to add sound effects. The weapon system includes both automatic and semi-automatic weapon presets that can be easily copied and pasted to create new weapons. These scripts are highly customizable, allowing users to adjust reload times, fire rates, damage, draw time, and ammo. Overall, these systems have proven to be very effective in achieving the goal of creating code that can be easily repurposed for future projects.
## Acknowledgments
 I would like to extend a special thank you to Dan for his contributions to the art and music in this project. His talent and creativity were essential in bringing this game to life and we are grateful for his hard work and dedication. Without his help the game would look dull and really would not have felt as special as it is.
